EMPLOYEE DATABASE

1. Write a PHP script to create table “Employee“ with field e_id, ename, city, email,
phno,category,super_id,salary(not <10000),languages,join_date(not null), dno,  where 
e_id is a primary key and create another database table “Dept“ with field dno, dname,
dlocation,where dno is a primary key and dno is Foreign Key references Dept table. 
Also fill data in Dept table.

2. Design a HTML form to take inputs from user and store the records into a 
table“Employee”. Fields Form input control
Employee ID------textbox
Ename------textbox
City-----textarea
Email-------email
Phone No.------number
Salary-----textbox
Gender-----radio buttons
Language-----checkbox (Multiple languages have to be concatenate into a string 
separated by commas and then store into database like “Bengali, English, Hindi”)
Join Date------date
Department-------radio
Super's Employee ID---------textbox

3. Write a php script to display:
i.  all the details of the employees along with their department details
ii. all distinct salaries. 
iii.highest,lowest and avg salary of each Department
iv. all the employee with their immediate super.

4. Design a HTML form to take input for HRA percentage, DA percentage, and
 Professional tax. Also take field to order the employees while displaying.
(The field have to be choices through drop down menu containing all fields of the
table). Now write a PHP script to generate the DA, HRA and Professional tax of every
employee and display them with respect to every employee order by user’s choice field.
 
5. Write a PHP script to retrieve and display:
i. the departments having employees along with the count of employees in that department
ii. the names of employees who earn a salary that is greater than the highest salary in department 3
iii. employees who work in either department 2,4,5

6. Make a HTML page to  
i. display the employees who joined in the date range specified by user
ii. display the employee name having atleast the user specified no. of characters 
iii. display the departments having user specified no. of employees. 
